README.md, before:

<h2 align="left">Emma Hyde.</h2>

###

<img align="right" height="150" src="https://media0.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExbm1kODQ1M3JnNTcyZmtxOWcyNjdwZjRyd3Z0YWRpMGp5YzJscTluciZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/3Nh5jXlMFUhILKKOqC/giphy.gif"  />

###

<div align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ruby/ruby-original.svg" height="30" alt="ruby logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/rails/rails-original-wordmark.svg" height="30" alt="rails logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" height="30" alt="python logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" height="30" alt="react logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" height="30" alt="bash logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/apple/apple-original.svg" height="30" alt="apple logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" height="30" alt="linux logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/windows8/windows8-original.svg" height="30" alt="windows8 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" height="30" alt="docker logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" height="30" alt="csharp logo"  />
</div>

###

<div align="left">
  <a href="https://discordapp.com/users/254422154295115776" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Discord&logo=discord&label=&color=7289DA&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="discord logo"  />
  </a>
  <a href="emmajhyde@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Gmail&logo=gmail&label=&color=D14836&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="gmail logo"  />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/emmajhyde/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=LinkedIn&logo=linkedin&label=&color=0077B5&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="linkedin logo"  />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.twitch.tv/theonlyjones" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Twitch&logo=twitch&label=&color=9146FF&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="twitch logo"  />
  </a>
</div>

###

<br clear="both">

###

Commit message:

Add quote and image to README
Added a quote about the original bread baby.

README.md, after:

<h2 align="left">Emma Hyde.</h2>

```
the original bread baby
born and raised in plaintext email
```

###

<img align="right" height="150" src="https://media0.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExbm1kODQ1M3JnNTcyZmtxOWcyNjdwZjRyd3Z0YWRpMGp5YzJscTluciZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/3Nh5jXlMFUhILKKOqC/giphy.gif"  />

###

<div align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ruby/ruby-original.svg" height="30" alt="ruby logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/rails/rails-original-wordmark.svg" height="30" alt="rails logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" height="30" alt="python logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" height="30" alt="react logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" height="30" alt="bash logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/apple/apple-original.svg" height="30" alt="apple logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" height="30" alt="linux logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/windows8/windows8-original.svg" height="30" alt="windows8 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" height="30" alt="docker logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" height="30" alt="csharp logo"  />
</div>

###

<div align="left">
  <a href="https://discordapp.com/users/254422154295115776" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Discord&logo=discord&label=&color=7289DA&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="discord logo"  />
  </a>
  <a href="emmajhyde@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Gmail&logo=gmail&label=&color=D14836&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="gmail logo"  />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/emmajhyde/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=LinkedIn&logo=linkedin&label=&color=0077B5&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="linkedin logo"  />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.twitch.tv/theonlyjones" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Twitch&logo=twitch&label=&color=9146FF&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="twitch logo"  />
  </a>
</div>

###

<br clear="both">

###
